Hi! You mind if I eat here with you?
Of course! (He should've said, "No, I don't mind!)
Ok.
So weird being the new kid... Hehe.
I'm Madison.
Oh. I'm, uh, Casey.
Hi, I'm Ken.
So...where are you from, Ken? (SPOILER ALERT she's gonna regret that question soon)
Um...from San Francisco. I was at the branch for a little bit just transferred now.
Where are you FROM from though? (what's that supposed to mean? huh?)
(the look of disapproval)
Um...if you're asking me where my family's from. Uh...China, I guess.
Cool. You're Chinese.
American. (stop talking, Madison!)
Mm! Right.
Chinese American. (ABC's unite! American-born Chinese)
That's awesome.
You know I'm from the Midwest and um...we're not the most culturally diverse part of the country, you know.
(stop talking, Madison!!!)
Oh. I forgot my coffee at my desk. I'll be right back.
(let the ranting begin!)
(why is there a bell ringing)
Can you believe this girl?
What?
Where're you FROM from? Ooh, you're Chinese.
So ignorant.
I mean, she honestly might not know much about your culture.
It's true what she said.
The...the Midwest isn't very diverse.
I mean, trust me. I'm from Kentucky.
(SPOILER ALERT Casey will regret saying that)
Oh, no way! That's cool!
I don't think I've ever met anyone from Kentucky before.
What are you guys called?
Like Kentuckers, Kentuckets?
I think the proper term is Kentuckian.
Oh.
You live there your whole life?
Born and raised.
That's crazy! You have no accent.
Well, uh, I just didn't pick one up.
Howr dem grits, son?
What was that? (realizing his mistake of telling Ken he's from Kentucky)
Kentucky's part of the South, right?
That's my... that's my Southern accent.
Well, not all of us speak like that. You understand
Oh my gosh!
Ok...
Look what I'm having for lunch.
Kentucky Fried Chicken. What a coincidence, huh?
I bet you love this, huh?
Here have some!
I...I actually don't eat it that often.
(look and sound of realization)
You know what? I just remembered.
My roommate in college was actually from Kentucky.
His name was Corey. Do you know Corey?
You want to know if I know Corey because we're both from Kentucky?
Uh huh.
No, I don't know Corey. (stop talking, Ken!)
Have you ever been to the Kentucky Derby?
I've never been to the Kentucky Derby.
But it's in Kentucky.
Yes.
So why don't you go?
That's true. (regretting not going to the Kentucky Derby)
So, I was thinking.
Ken, you must've been born here because you don't have any accent at all.
OK, Madison!
Just because I'm Chinese doesn't mean I have a Chinese accent
by default, ok?
It doesn't mean that I eat orange chicken and fortune cookies all the time.
It doesn't that I know all your Asian friends.
It doesn't mean I hang out in Chinatown
every night.
Why don't you go educate yourself, ok?
Don't be so ignorant!
Geez!
Oh my...
Yeah.
I didn't mean for my questions to be offensive.
I...
I was just genuinely curious.
I just think that we can all be more culturally aware
in the situation.
Just be more...
sensitive towards others.
Right.
You know I...
actually do really miss this stuff.
Do you want some fried chi-
(regrets what he was about to say)
I'm going to throw it away.
Hey everyone!
I hope you like that sketch.
It was actually based on a true story.
I, um, met a guy named Casey on set once and he was from Kentucky and I was asking him all these questions about where he was from and I caught myself in the middle of it thinking,
"Man, if someone was asking me these questions about being Chinese I would probably be pretty offended."
Um, but he took it cool, uh, so thanks and sorry Casey. (it should be he took it WELL)
I was genuinely, you know, just really interested about Kentucky.
Anyways!
If you haven't heard yet.
Wong Fu Productions is making a movie!
Yep!
We are nearing the end of our fundraising campaign and the support has been so incredible so far.
Um, it's, uh it's amazing to see everyone contributing and donating, um, just because they believe in us, so thank you so much to everyone that's already contributed.
We can't wait to start making this movie in just a couple of months.
Um, so if you haven't yet, check out the link below, um, for all the information.
There's been a lot of updates and progress on the project and
we've put in new perks as well.
So you have a bout a week left to, uh, get in on this, so don't delay.
Check out the website and, um, one more week! Thanks guys! See ya!